Small tweak to groups mention on the monitor-based SLO page (#14416)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/service_level_objectives/monitor.md

In the search box, start typing the name of a monitor. A list of matching monitors appears. Click on a monitor name to add it to the source list. 

> If you’re only using a single multi-alert monitor in an SLO, you can optionally select “Calculate on selected groups” and pick up to 20 groups. By default, the SLO is calculated using the 5 groups with the worst SLO status. Group selection is not supported for SLOs that contain multiple monitors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re only using a single multi-alert monitor in an SLO, you can optionally select “Calculate on selected groups” and pick up to 20 groups. By default, the SLO is calculated using five groups with the worst SLO statuses. Group selection is not supported for SLOs that contain multiple monitors. 
```
